docs/api/desktop-capturer.md, before:

# desktopCapturer

> Access information about media sources that can be used to capture audio and
> video from the desktop using the [`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`] API.

Process: [Main](../glossary.md#main-process), [Renderer](../glossary.md#renderer-process)

The following example shows how to capture video from a desktop window whose
title is `Electron`:

```javascript
// In the renderer process.
const { desktopCapturer } = require('electron')

desktopCapturer.getSources({ types: ['window', 'screen'] }).then(async sources => {
  for (const source of sources) {
    if (source.name === 'Electron') {
      try {
        const stream = await navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia({
          audio: false,
          video: {
            mandatory: {
              chromeMediaSource: 'desktop',
              chromeMediaSourceId: source.id,
              minWidth: 1280,
              maxWidth: 1280,
              minHeight: 720,
              maxHeight: 720
            }
          }
        })
        handleStream(stream)
      } catch (e) {
        handleError(e)
      }
      return
    }
  }
})

function handleStream (stream) {
  const video = document.querySelector('video')
  video.srcObject = stream
  video.onloadedmetadata = (e) => video.play()
}

function handleError (e) {
  console.log(e)
}
```

To capture video from a source provided by `desktopCapturer` the constraints
passed to [`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`] must include
`chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'`, and `audio: false`.

To capture both audio and video from the entire desktop the constraints passed
to [`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`] must include `chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'`,
for both `audio` and `video`, but should not include a `chromeMediaSourceId` constraint.

```javascript
const constraints = {
  audio: {
    mandatory: {
      chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'
    }
  },
  video: {
    mandatory: {
      chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'
    }
  }
}
```

## Methods

The `desktopCapturer` module has the following methods:

### `desktopCapturer.getSources(options)`

* `options` Object
  * `types` String[] - An array of Strings that lists the types of desktop sources
    to be captured, available types are `screen` and `window`.
  * `thumbnailSize` [Size](structures/size.md) (optional) - The size that the media source thumbnail
    should be scaled to. Default is `150` x `150`. Set width or height to 0 when you do not need
    the thumbnails. This will save the processing time required for capturing the content of each
    window and screen.
  * `fetchWindowIcons` Boolean (optional) - Set to true to enable fetching window icons. The default
    value is false. When false the appIcon property of the sources return null. Same if a source has
    the type screen.

Returns `Promise<DesktopCapturerSource[]>` - Resolves with an array of [`DesktopCapturerSource`](structures/desktop-capturer-source.md) objects, each `DesktopCapturerSource` represents a screen or an individual window that can be captured.

**Note** Capturing the screen contents requires user consent on macOS 10.15 Catalina or higher,
which can detected by [`systemPreferences.getMediaAccessStatus`].

[`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia
[`systemPreferences.getMediaAccessStatus`]: system-preferences.md#systempreferencesgetmediaaccessstatusmediatype-windows-macos

## Caveats

`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia` does not work on macOS for audio capture due to a fundamental limitation whereby apps that want to access the system's audio require a [signed kernel extension](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Security/Conceptual/System_Integrity_Protection_Guide/KernelExtensions/KernelExtensions.html). Chromium, and by extension Electron, does not provide this.

It is possible to circumvent this limitation by capturing system audio with another macOS app like Soundflower and passing it through a virtual audio input device. This virtual device can then be queried with `navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`.

Commit message:

feat: Implement electron.DesktopCapturer.setSkipCursor
Useful to dynamically stop cursor capture in the stream.
By default the cursor is captured.
First argument is a deviceId so one can stop capturing
the cursor for a specific streamed source.

electron#23923

Notes: Can enable or disable capturing cursor while the stream is
running

docs/api/desktop-capturer.md, after:

# desktopCapturer

> Access information about media sources that can be used to capture audio and
> video from the desktop using the [`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`] API.

Process: [Main](../glossary.md#main-process), [Renderer](../glossary.md#renderer-process)

The following example shows how to capture video from a desktop window whose
title is `Electron`:

```javascript
// In the renderer process.
const { desktopCapturer } = require('electron')

desktopCapturer.getSources({ types: ['window', 'screen'] }).then(async sources => {
  for (const source of sources) {
    if (source.name === 'Electron') {
      try {
        const stream = await navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia({
          audio: false,
          video: {
            mandatory: {
              chromeMediaSource: 'desktop',
              chromeMediaSourceId: source.id,
              minWidth: 1280,
              maxWidth: 1280,
              minHeight: 720,
              maxHeight: 720
            }
          }
        })
        handleStream(stream)
      } catch (e) {
        handleError(e)
      }
      return
    }
  }
})

function handleStream (stream) {
  const video = document.querySelector('video')
  video.srcObject = stream
  video.onloadedmetadata = (e) => video.play()
}

function handleError (e) {
  console.log(e)
}
```

To capture video from a source provided by `desktopCapturer` the constraints
passed to [`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`] must include
`chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'`, and `audio: false`.

To capture both audio and video from the entire desktop the constraints passed
to [`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`] must include `chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'`,
for both `audio` and `video`, but should not include a `chromeMediaSourceId` constraint.

```javascript
const constraints = {
  audio: {
    mandatory: {
      chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'
    }
  },
  video: {
    mandatory: {
      chromeMediaSource: 'desktop'
    }
  }
}
```

## Methods

The `desktopCapturer` module has the following methods:

### `desktopCapturer.getSources(options)`

* `options` Object
  * `types` String[] - An array of Strings that lists the types of desktop sources
    to be captured, available types are `screen` and `window`.
  * `thumbnailSize` [Size](structures/size.md) (optional) - The size that the media source thumbnail
    should be scaled to. Default is `150` x `150`. Set width or height to 0 when you do not need
    the thumbnails. This will save the processing time required for capturing the content of each
    window and screen.
  * `fetchWindowIcons` Boolean (optional) - Set to true to enable fetching window icons. The default
    value is false. When false the appIcon property of the sources return null. Same if a source has
    the type screen.

Returns `Promise<DesktopCapturerSource[]>` - Resolves with an array of [`DesktopCapturerSource`](structures/desktop-capturer-source.md) objects, each `DesktopCapturerSource` represents a screen or an individual window that can be captured.

**Note** Capturing the screen contents requires user consent on macOS 10.15 Catalina or higher,
which can detected by [`systemPreferences.getMediaAccessStatus`].

[`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia
[`systemPreferences.getMediaAccessStatus`]: system-preferences.md#systempreferencesgetmediaaccessstatusmediatype-windows-macos

### `desktopCapturer.setSkipCursor(sourceId, skip)`

* `sourceId` String - Device id in the format of [`DesktopCapturerSource`](structures/desktop-capturer-source.md) 's id.
* `skip` Boolean

By default the cursor is captured. Useful to dynamically show or stop cursor capture when sharing content.

## Caveats

`navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia` does not work on macOS for audio capture due to a fundamental limitation whereby apps that want to access the system's audio require a [signed kernel extension](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Security/Conceptual/System_Integrity_Protection_Guide/KernelExtensions/KernelExtensions.html). Chromium, and by extension Electron, does not provide this.

It is possible to circumvent this limitation by capturing system audio with another macOS app like Soundflower and passing it through a virtual audio input device. This virtual device can then be queried with `navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`.
