docs/api/shell.md, before:

# shell

> Manage files and URLs using their default applications.

Process: [Main](../tutorial/quick-start.md#main-process), [Renderer](../tutorial/quick-start.md#renderer-process)

The `shell` module provides functions related to desktop integration.

An example of opening a URL in the user's default browser:

```javascript
const {shell} = require('electron')

shell.openExternal('https://github.com')
```

## Methods

The `shell` module has the following methods:

### `shell.showItemInFolder(fullPath)`

* `fullPath` String

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the item was successfully shown

Show the given file in a file manager. If possible, select the file.

### `shell.openItem(fullPath)`

* `fullPath` String

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the item was successfully opened.

Open the given file in the desktop's default manner.

### `shell.openExternal(url[, options])`

* `url` String
* `options` Object (optional) _macOS_
  * `activate` Boolean - `true` to bring the opened application to the
    foreground. The default is `true`.

Returns `Boolean` - Whether an application was available to open the URL.

Open the given external protocol URL in the desktop's default manner. (For
example, mailto: URLs in the user's default mail agent).

### `shell.moveItemToTrash(fullPath)`

* `fullPath` String

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the item was successfully moved to the trash

Move the given file to trash and returns a boolean status for the operation.

### `shell.beep()`

Play the beep sound.

### `shell.writeShortcutLink(shortcutPath[, operation], options)` _Windows_

* `shortcutPath` String
* `operation` String (optional) - Default is `create`, can be one of following:
  * `create` - Creates a new shortcut, overwriting if necessary.
  * `update` - Updates specified properties only on an existing shortcut.
  * `replace` - Overwrites an existing shortcut, fails if the shortcut doesn't
    exist.
* `options` [ShortcutDetails](structures/shortcut-details.md)

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the shortcut was created successfully

Creates or updates a shortcut link at `shortcutPath`.

### `shell.readShortcutLink(shortcutPath)` _Windows_

* `shortcutPath` String

Returns [`ShortcutDetails`](structures/shortcut-details.md)

Resolves the shortcut link at `shortcutPath`.

An exception will be thrown when any error happens.

Commit message:

Shell openExternal can take optional callback (macOS)

docs/api/shell.md, after:

# shell

> Manage files and URLs using their default applications.

Process: [Main](../tutorial/quick-start.md#main-process), [Renderer](../tutorial/quick-start.md#renderer-process)

The `shell` module provides functions related to desktop integration.

An example of opening a URL in the user's default browser:

```javascript
const {shell} = require('electron')

shell.openExternal('https://github.com')
```

## Methods

The `shell` module has the following methods:

### `shell.showItemInFolder(fullPath)`

* `fullPath` String

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the item was successfully shown

Show the given file in a file manager. If possible, select the file.

### `shell.openItem(fullPath)`

* `fullPath` String

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the item was successfully opened.

Open the given file in the desktop's default manner.

### `shell.openExternal(url[, options, callback])`

* `url` String
* `options` Object (optional) _macOS_
  * `activate` Boolean - `true` to bring the opened application to the
    foreground. The default is `true`.
* `callback` Function (optional) _macOS_

Returns `Boolean` - Whether an application was available to open the URL.

Open the given external protocol URL in the desktop's default manner. (For
example, mailto: URLs in the user's default mail agent).

If a `callback` is passed, the API call will be asynchronous and the result
will be passed via `callback(opened)`.

### `shell.moveItemToTrash(fullPath)`

* `fullPath` String

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the item was successfully moved to the trash

Move the given file to trash and returns a boolean status for the operation.

### `shell.beep()`

Play the beep sound.

### `shell.writeShortcutLink(shortcutPath[, operation], options)` _Windows_

* `shortcutPath` String
* `operation` String (optional) - Default is `create`, can be one of following:
  * `create` - Creates a new shortcut, overwriting if necessary.
  * `update` - Updates specified properties only on an existing shortcut.
  * `replace` - Overwrites an existing shortcut, fails if the shortcut doesn't
    exist.
* `options` [ShortcutDetails](structures/shortcut-details.md)

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the shortcut was created successfully

Creates or updates a shortcut link at `shortcutPath`.

### `shell.readShortcutLink(shortcutPath)` _Windows_

* `shortcutPath` String

Returns [`ShortcutDetails`](structures/shortcut-details.md)

Resolves the shortcut link at `shortcutPath`.

An exception will be thrown when any error happens.
