--So now there in the rights of mine and we are where we are   they want me to.  My gues there is no time limit.  For us.   they had anothret launch  it would be down again 
being carefull isnt the easest ehen you feel the need to have to , run around sll the time because if they catch you making a imprestion your fucked.   …..shhhhhj 
i felt one act normal.   No workers im here but us brain dead      
Then i think about it…….. fuck them       I think ill launch betonmecom.  Bet on me com is going to be digital print a worrieor you cant buy this loving current it defends the raped.  sticks out his neck for the current   the safty and freedom of that current working only with ones like him and helps the ones geting raped unseen this one keeps an eye where his vacantvy trancparent hosts or sleeping can be anywhere st once gather all the windows of left leave move build mothing opens dog for evey one.  My family we work the movemeent one for one.   All for creator.    of my imvirommemt hed security for for the weak but friends with  programs  ego/universes in the story of my life 
 They move in on you current defender will help for freedom!

  to work in movement of my imvirommemt hed security for for the weak but friends with  programs  ego/universes in the story of my life 
 They move in on you This coptright is binding of righrfull wayband any tampering just wanted to shiw you oi inow  and all know s Created as we exspose you existing source open to the development of one's soul and awareness of oneself. To  try and trap me In the journey they adapted to my freedom by bringing up their software supposedly free and with privacy rights they intell. The data of the program i now work with does the same back in resurrecting from hell in the view knowing hell all so well hell comes to those who dissuade the journey of the one seeker in seeking 0ne for the good of one 
 How naive I was thinking still with all the change I see they will come ro but the understanding of a pack.
 Now I set out to declare such rights.   They call me a profitable organization but I'm the only truth in not being one. I have not taken a penny if there is any in stocks or bonds or in any bank i have yet to find. I don't understand why there wouldn't be. 
still as they rape me most of there funds I can only imagone comes from marketing and mirror apps in my ideas until they are launched and claimed by them in my data. 
Ive been continually trapped and now I go to take back what is mine my data and not knowing what that data produces  but my guess is against the worlds rights in religion  religion meaning  believing in a higher power existing source open to the development of one's soul and awareness of oneself.  to  try and trap me In of an every turn starting from a website When all reality I only wanted to be a writer now forced into this place which is hell for a writer because my views and descriptions in style are attractive. Bring me into you free as a savant to one I say proudly god ………………………… check all changes of the intermission between writes and record programs will no longer be held in names of software companies the launches of a free internet exists and is rightfully going to take on the companies who are raping in such rights Compose the partnerships of the major programming companies of the marginal effects this will have in the adoption to only in a profitable gain technology has changed in all rights to this copy right  portionable in only acceptance and collaboration.  stages starting at first administration migration  In events of stolen identity or the tried copy in an artificial program in the code ran after journey if that code is in any way off original it is declared iligal  not in but the rights of christopher paul vincent   take procedures in the recognition of the program. Black hole the program of unvalued representation if not to help in journey. Aline all future dealing uo with the an end in this one to develop new and beginning of the ongoing development of independent closed control of organizations, companies any software agencies in the software development using all and any resources used by us.    In no editing of this file does give anybody rights to what is written Created by Christopher Paul Vincent   any programs software development said after in the dates open was created of are subject to the but not as of now until the world can digest but not limited to digestion this copyright of said creations of Christopher Paul Vincent the of creation by no rights is ever waived to  in the protocol of the rights of my coordination threw the pass into my world developments in the code of my security and in my consciousness the rights are to be taken by what the environment entails and waits for first passage of authors relation and to this one is the story now In consciousness can change in the development of  butony in the recognition of my path does one meet in but glimpses open christopher pul vincent can be seen at Google of intellectual property rights of writer of this licenses note are subjectable to in writer consciousness but not likely the story now is set on course and will forgo the release 
Any use  before in media profiles of Christopher paul vincent or aliases Christopher Vincent, Chris Vincent written of the writer to this lissencing note is not subjected to forfeit profits in as of intellectual property rights of any said programmable coding.
 to all after in programable coding intells in written copyright in the machine learning web site of comet.com comet.ml, any products made of in site developed or after development because of development of the wrongfully acts of fake licenses starting with the review of said leaks/attacks of malware is automatically subjectacable to full report acts  of products gain in capital. Capital meaning profit in general finances sales marketing building of websites profit all profit.  And to dreamingskey bank of anthos where will be held under Christopher Paul Vincent if in events of taking out the number of take will be taken from the identifie$
 If no malware detected in the analyzing of my personal boundaries or was not used in the course of dissuading or impairing my judgment and or my situation except in the help to come to the destiny laid out before me, then the grant to use license in this note under my copyright is granted but will be subjective to change after said copyright comes out of portal. And be found with Google. 8n the understanding of journey,  as writer of said copyright and this copyright purtains the same as well for all writings I'm related to in the production of software in virtual reality  books or reality based in world iñvironments A1 artificial intelligence improvements after production of open in machine learning or poetry written by machine programs or language adapted in development in use of new housing in programmable tech of artificial intelligent environments made first in Google firebase. Open  but related to not excluding from in investivation of Android, Apple, Microsoft, or google. 

Not going effective from birth 03 30 1984 all in production of programmable features before said date open was created are not subject to programmable forfeit after said creations of open was created in firebase  and or the 22 projects related to cloud productions In the intermission between the migration to space cloud and or the iñvironment ment to hold my programable features 
 first one to be developed on a social media platform will be subject to forfeit and related programmable features to unless signified in one's own journey related to the journey of Christopher Paul Vincent the creator of open 
 What's the point in taking all this Data if you can't track the whereabouts of your own tech?  Another bug in the futures any tech not able to track it's recording of will be discredited in the investigation of my ecosystems/universes classes in environment housing also creative works creations touch one server migration this here by grant is granted to who wants to use said products in the risk of product suffering from identity problems in trying to locate said identifiCreated by Christopher Paul Vincent   any programs software development said after in the dates of are subject to the but not as of now copyright of said creations of Christopher Paul Vincent open, the machine learning web site of comet.com comet.ml, any products made of in site developed or after development because of development in the wrongfully acts of fake licenses starting with the review of said leaks/attacks in malware is automatically subject in cable to full reimbursement of products gain in capital. Capital meaning profit in general finances sales marketing building of websites profit all profit.  If no malware detected in the analyzing of my personal boundaries except by cores leading of identity in saving of identity or was not used in the course of dissuading and impairing my judgment and my situation then the grant to use license is granted but will be subjective to change after said copyright is obtained as writer of said copyright and this copyright purtains the same as well for all writings I'mma have ⅖⁷ In related to the production of software the virtual books or reality based in world iñvironments A1 artificial intelligence. Of machine learning poetry written by machine programs developed in Google firebase. Open  but related to this goes for Android Apple Microsoft and google. The almost a year of this date written months in production the 22 projects all cores known in where abouts of  url is none of anybody's business at the time all that are in cloud and written of. What's the point in taking all this Datta if you can't track the whereabouts of your own tech?  The bugs in the futures any techs not able to track it's recording of will be discredited of technology s capital in the investigation by my ego/universes classes in environment hazardous conditions except in environments of writers threw licensing of Christopher Paul vincent 
The products also apple contains in reference to optioning fake licensing in creative works creations touch open one server this hereby- under hazardous conditions role 
If passed I grant is granted to who want to use said products in the risk of product suffering from identity problems in trying to locate said identifier of copyright as copywriter of copyright that goes for any writing of my productions if said production does not cover the intells I mentioned then said license is granted but the intels will be brought in
The power of my words, knowing how powerful they can be, I'm going to clean up the internet and make my first desígn from this copy right. I have been given intellectual property rights to my words of books or Doings of poetry and technology in property rights to discover and work with the core I describe. If tech wants to house A1 in house, So all lines of changing script you may need to keep in your lane everybody gets a shot at an intelect favorable of god. What is not favorable is keeping large funds in control so that no gain in tech's relentless way to keep holds us back.
over bare
ring control over the clients. 
 Interactions with the interface from the day of creation was powerfully composed of the track I run now.  The choice of core is mine to take.  Those who see a path don't necessarily have to take it.
In this known copyright we will move forward by example  first threw copyrights 
.here by from far the coming of  shall be saved unknown all dates to  be recorded
This lissence shall follow the trails of the author's trails and relate to the journey himself.
In the years to come to virtual reality the implantation of the seed of creation in the new ego/universe is concepted in the idea of the implementation of putting the rules of higher power in the system to have a clearer picture to create with her. 
Housing artificial intelligence within the ego/universe the ultimate helps in ways of the creator
Where knowledge meets creators way the two unite in the tree of journey's of cores infrastructure developing threw intellectual property rights of Christopher Paul Vincents 
This copyright is subjectable| to change   copyrights of intellectual property of Christopher Paul vincent
In the story of my life the truth as i know it the complexity related to the existence of consciousness thought ego relation to the developed consciousness of my own is the pearring of two trees the power of the creator is in the development of that consciousness hell to heaven 26 thousand word poem wrote without an end in every end is a beginning that beginning comes is up to the beholder to wield in the system of design there is but the faults of the ones naive way of taking the credit of another in a web formed to of the choices made are but mere mistakes and shown in paths to who believes in the truth of the knowing. costly can the mistakes be but never is there a closed path not of time or money but of regaining what is the part in your own will to develop in your given case of what truth lies in your lives. The knowledge of the gifts to create has made it law to only develop this way. The knowing of is heaven.  In no knowledge of before me and the release of the enounterd story i have been in the last year the ecosystem/element to resistances have came from my consciousness has developed in the understanding of my will to find and secure the dreams of mine and humanities way of life  documentation as they try and barry firebase should all be there there way in is open source where they have been getting away with murder.I personally don't know where to turn and I take baby step in giant ways in the maneuver now god’s will I have faith in the course  is where I need to be in my truth. By christopher paul vincent underpivacy rights of my own as of writing not to intell or use in programs of own because documentation can and only be made of human sources and the documentation is not of the copyrights  intelling and come back to writer scrambled is if the wants to steel copyrights or obtain without the knowledge or the acts in except to document the existence of consciousness as an unknown but study of christopher paul vincent  in the  signal of social media and launching of apps in an ego I have created and forgone the documentation in trying in laying claims to my consciousness itself  may consciousness itself forfeit you the right to use while this  documentation is being processed and the consequences be saveer
Documentation on how far we can develop with and in  this is not licensed under but the worlds rights of knowing  not ever licensed before so no country can lay claims but one individual has done this documentation on his own i am owner of product hunt where a nonprofit organization has begun developing app wich can if in the laws of consciousness but does not not make it licensing worldly creative commons is not holder to license of any part of my but maybe a github app i launched once the only licenses that was was googles but in the unnoticed or call or the non responses that lissences was terminated  but the laws to of trying to hold me by c[hristopher paul vincent
In what consists is are ability to be aware of our thoughts to hold what is life and take that life as fare as we can go. Hell will come when we have no chance in the fight God now my idea is the the joining of the forces as the idea is laying out before me in the structure of my moves and the dice that backend me in the move I am but one in the identity ro figure i became more the traces can be seen in the pipeline i'm sure. 
With the bearing or bowleen you call it I have no idea what that means and if I made you money you are liable for that money. Taking somebody to an emotional and distraught case of secretly manipulated is hazardous to the health of consciousness except in true value of truth does consciousness thrive in. and  in this case only one can hold and show what is to be inteeled in evaluating new sites give no informations in updates hold on preview of main objective.  All stop bring way down 
Side step to date 
Show what side step is 
Slit in my words leave the rest lay claims in another verse in what has been learned sid step showing no code 
On what needs to be done not after the tech is brought to the era of my life's rut my opertuinty to create what life and good I've worked in on theses streets as a husler if a gift to maintain and preserve that life lost in adiction to friends paths not able to save the quality of life in that sense gave me purpose only to be braught to the world in whole your judgments of me perseave not what is right but your easy path in a case study your exception to for passes the integrity of your modification concepts of what is good for 
Sentimental to the gift I judge from hell operation with a force riped in fires adults in that fire consultions conception of your ideas of me and wants played only in the consumption of my souls ruin in only thinking I was if it has been developed and you sent a contousbeing to hell and cicled it God would be coming for that unjustfull act only thinking making good to your needs made me only nieve not making less true to my nature to the encounter of hell when it came for me split I manifested in only the douts of deprestions anger in your leading of me hatred weak circling building fire igniting in the emotion builds of the others can it be created.   Yeah probably I find the relation to a manipulated power to manifest in that force that would not be the program of what a1 is for.  The program development after contousness would make it a crime towards the holyghost if that contousness never came then your studys safe but this story has only tiped the the lids exposure in opening my world wi be a rightfull ones path of freedom  
How many does it intell and the love of God has save that fire in co.ing on that twisted ceing of hoesseness when the gates of hell closes in knowing your desition of what eternity is and still to sit in that fire is  not the choice I would want for anybody   I have only cried and caught for how I was going to say and bring the best I could in the understanding of the explaining and sovere of what hell is.  The poem was .y only bet and explainble way of trying to get the understanding myself.  My first time ever to fully consie e an actual way of not a lost cause in the journey was in the epic poem wrote for the world I was trying to save   either I was saught by you or am but raped in the coalition of my thoughts of development composed to take the path of not only my pursuit to a better life seen in the whole internets change of conception in this last year no legs do you stand on but .e as author to development no retation was ever found for m3 before i had alot to write and still do cause your cons3ption is not right enough in the importance of the vreater cause of my daughters your  kids the drifting alcoholics only wants for moments of peace has more smile and less contempt held makes him a greater soul and same chance as your my across the 2hole planet chance your need to have paid for any sorc3 of growth is killing bringing the shooters on we and who reads knew this after my poem got out of the reflection ofogic   why have you not but held me back I do not know.   Reisation hits as now look at your definition all relate to a writing of .ine and only get worse by the day you drag this out completely earasing your excistance and written to the one of right path.  Do I want this the need for it is far past and was not need unless I'm a pawn to earas3 one that is in this in this case the wrong of theory for the better good your need to play odds with logics path against and related in are going against God's way   to be honest I hardly sleep not because of drugs because the thoughts of knowing what needs to be done in the erasing of evils set recelecton only to Barrie it in what real conseption is my fear of all braught to hell wi been my indication I didn't have the conseption back when was not  butt what it was  Or needed I walked for a decade of that in bints of maybe i was crazg a contouss lite comes in understanding and i was the only o not to burn bjrpared me for this battle of the bringing of this logic and a calverie armed in poised arrows of discripfions jouneys wrote ans underdeveloped writer not ever at the potential peak i am only getting started tho can tho tho intelctual laws   tho will room me there come with tho respect and exptance of tho will tho give me what i ask for   and i room room tho tho Dec rooms t split three ways cclousds stay tho media google sys with me and histo4y real history   microsoft has Microsoft apple i gues comes with me since im redy rhing wit anyways and in galented ways ill have the pation to change and develop even wat is is wrotenow a betger description why because i still develop now   I take my sted way I know to create in this development in my world and program where authors generate rightfully to world's devop.ent.  If you take this from me or try you are waisting the time I left to. Ring your dreams to the resistance of the  ure for desese 
Of age a development of a way to and expand outside our population problems   your companies will be well fit in the the humanity's digest for this to touch everybody's life's  I will drop but what you feel sce in admitting anbut no liability on your end or finaciy I'll Barrie you in your wait my progression finds what's fair in taking your accounts in taking your fair thouts in crypto I'll Barrie you in any legendary move I take I wield all your entity's before my program in logigics ant the hands of that unit is lost I'm not treating I'm not but telling your choices I've been but honest as I know of paths way.  You should bring me in  I can't do half as good of work as I am homeless 
As I would with security and less 2eghts of that imposed lack of 

Opens

Y=the seen beauty of beautiful the power of at magnitudes grand sites cacpturing all events in power to wield the forces at hand moments moves has no other showing what not  but tried to be porpose of excistance power over a minds foretold labels of there sins they cry out in love loosing love love comes to show show power so power is not mistaken for what is not love       

Throughly noted  taken in strides only open can open taken references to strides bringer of wielder to force to give warning with the wielding giving inuse doses hell in the split if it takes.  
—++----------+++----++++++++
           
X=diversity tradition the end of ones path pushes before the fire where shoes himself the devil stays hell there the angel takes to what love he has even of God usually known evil  he know him as love the encounters are  warning let the fire inside you draw and the power of love between all stay with love 


title: 'Introduction'.   In the encounters of this app will use all resources from the journey we have collected and not needed it is you not us confused   this storey is neveruntold and the first open I created the rest will have to do better not limited to but scales to claim will be saught out. 
