docs/tutorial/linux-desktop-actions.md, before:

# Desktop Launcher Actions (Linux)

## Overview

On many Linux environments, you can add custom entries to the system launcher
by modifying the `.desktop` file. For Canonical's Unity documentation, see
[Adding Shortcuts to a Launcher][unity-launcher]. For details on a more generic
implementation, see the [freedesktop.org Specification][spec].

![audacious][audacious-launcher]

> NOTE: The screenshot above is an example of launcher shortcuts in Audacious
audio player

To create a shortcut, you need to provide `Name` and `Exec` properties for the
entry you want to add to the shortcut menu. Unity will execute the command
defined in the `Exec` field after the user clicked the shortcut menu item.
An example of the `.desktop` file may look as follows:

```plaintext
Actions=PlayPause;Next;Previous

[Desktop Action PlayPause]
Name=Play-Pause
Exec=audacious -t
OnlyShowIn=Unity;

[Desktop Action Next]
Name=Next
Exec=audacious -f
OnlyShowIn=Unity;

[Desktop Action Previous]
Name=Previous
Exec=audacious -r
OnlyShowIn=Unity;
```

The preferred way for Unity to instruct your application on what to do is using
parameters. You can find them in your application in the global variable
`process.argv`.

[unity-launcher]: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UnityLaunchersAndDesktopFiles#Adding_shortcuts_to_a_launcher
[audacious-launcher]: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UnityLaunchersAndDesktopFiles?action=AttachFile&do=get&target=shortcuts.png
[spec]: https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/1.1/ar01s11.html

Commit message:

docs: new tutorial
This takes the "Quick Start Guide" and expands its content into an
end-to-end Electron application development. The changes here are done
following the feedback received during different surveys and interviews
where developers had a hard time figuring out how to do some of these
tasks even though they were already documented.

The markdown here also uses markdown features available in Docusaurus,
the website generator used right now. Some of those are admonitions,
line highlighting, and such.

The tutorial will have its own entry in the sidebar as well as the top
menu navigation.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Rel https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org-new/pull/124

docs/tutorial/linux-desktop-actions.md, after:

---
title: 'Desktop Launcher Actions (Linux)'
description: "Learn how to add a custom entry on different Linux's system launcher."
slug: linux-desktop-actions
hide_title: false
---

# Desktop Launcher Actions (Linux)

## Overview

On many Linux environments, you can add custom entries to the system launcher
by modifying the `.desktop` file. For Canonical's Unity documentation, see
[Adding Shortcuts to a Launcher][unity-launcher]. For details on a more generic
implementation, see the [freedesktop.org Specification][spec].

![audacious][audacious-launcher]

:::tip
The screenshot above is an example of launcher shortcuts in Audacious
audio player.
:::

To create a shortcut, you need to provide `Name` and `Exec` properties for the
entry you want to add to the shortcut menu. Unity will execute the command
defined in the `Exec` field after the user clicked the shortcut menu item.
An example of the `.desktop` file may look as follows:

```plaintext
Actions=PlayPause;Next;Previous

[Desktop Action PlayPause]
Name=Play-Pause
Exec=audacious -t
OnlyShowIn=Unity;

[Desktop Action Next]
Name=Next
Exec=audacious -f
OnlyShowIn=Unity;

[Desktop Action Previous]
Name=Previous
Exec=audacious -r
OnlyShowIn=Unity;
```

The preferred way for Unity to instruct your application on what to do is using
parameters. You can find them in your application in the global variable
`process.argv`.

[unity-launcher]: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UnityLaunchersAndDesktopFiles#Adding_shortcuts_to_a_launcher
[audacious-launcher]: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UnityLaunchersAndDesktopFiles?action=AttachFile&do=get&target=shortcuts.png
[spec]: https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/1.1/ar01s11.html
