docs/tutorial/native-file-drag-drop.md, before:

# Native File Drag & Drop

## Overview

Certain kinds of applications that manipulate files might want to support
the operating system's native file drag & drop feature. Dragging files into
web content is common and supported by many websites. Electron additionally
supports dragging files and content out from web content into the operating
system's world.

To implement this feature in your app, you need to call the
[`webContents.startDrag(item)`](../api/web-contents.md#contentsstartdragitem)
API in response to the `ondragstart` event.

## Example

Starting with a working application from the
[Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md), add the following lines to the
`index.html` file:

```html
<a href="#" id="drag">Drag me</a>
<script src="renderer.js"></script>
```

and add the following lines to the `renderer.js` file:

```javascript
const { ipcRenderer } = require('electron')

document.getElementById('drag').ondragstart = (event) => {
  event.preventDefault()
  ipcRenderer.send('ondragstart', '/absolute/path/to/the/item')
}
```

The code above instructs the Renderer process to handle the `ondragstart` event
and forward the information to the Main process.

In the Main process(`main.js` file), expand the received event with a path to the file that is
being dragged and an icon:

```javascript fiddle='docs/fiddles/features/drag-and-drop'
const { ipcMain } = require('electron')

ipcMain.on('ondragstart', (event, filePath) => {
  event.sender.startDrag({
    file: filePath,
    icon: '/path/to/icon.png'
  })
})
```

After launching the Electron application, try dragging and dropping
the item from the BrowserWindow onto your desktop. In this guide,
the item is a Markdown file located in the root of the project:

![Drag and drop](../images/drag-and-drop.gif)

Commit message:

docs: update drag and drop tutorial (#29200)
* Working

* Working

* Make the native-file drag and drop documents use context bridge

* Add per-file sections

* Use the updated link format

* Use path.join instead of string interpolation.

Co-authored-by: Antón Molleda <molant@users.noreply.github.com>

* Use fs.promises

Co-authored-by: Antón Molleda <molant@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/tutorial/native-file-drag-drop.md

Co-authored-by: Antón Molleda <molant@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix formatting

Co-authored-by: Antón Molleda <molant@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/tutorial/native-file-drag-drop.md

Co-authored-by: Antón Molleda <molant@users.noreply.github.com>

* Use more path.join instead of interpolation

* Update with PR suggestions

* Remove process.cwd() and add more example elements

* Minor text fix

* Fix typo

Co-authored-by: Erick Zhao <erick@hotmail.ca>

Co-authored-by: Antón Molleda <molant@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Erick Zhao <erick@hotmail.ca>

docs/tutorial/native-file-drag-drop.md, after:

# Native File Drag & Drop

## Overview

Certain kinds of applications that manipulate files might want to support
the operating system's native file drag & drop feature. Dragging files into
web content is common and supported by many websites. Electron additionally
supports dragging files and content out from web content into the operating
system's world.

To implement this feature in your app, you need to call the
[`webContents.startDrag(item)`](../api/web-contents.md#contentsstartdragitem)
API in response to the `ondragstart` event.

## Example

An example demonstrating how you can create a file on the fly to be dragged out of the window.

### Preload.js

In `preload.js` use the [`contextBridge`] to inject a method `window.electron.startDrag(...)` that will send an IPC message to the main process.

```js
const { contextBridge, ipcRenderer } = require('electron')
const path = require('path')

contextBridge.exposeInMainWorld('electron', {
  startDrag: (fileName) => {
    ipcRenderer.send('ondragstart', path.join(process.cwd(), fileName))
  }
})
```

### Index.html

Add a draggable element to `index.html`, and reference your renderer script:

```html
<div style="border:2px solid black;border-radius:3px;padding:5px;display:inline-block" draggable="true" id="drag">Drag me</div>
<script src="renderer.js"></script>
```

### Renderer.js

In `renderer.js` set up the renderer process to handle drag events by calling the method you added via the [`contextBridge`] above.

```javascript
document.getElementById('drag').ondragstart = (event) => {
  event.preventDefault()
  window.electron.startDrag('drag-and-drop.md')
}
```

### Main.js

In the Main process (`main.js` file), expand the received event with a path to the file that is
being dragged and an icon:

```javascript fiddle='docs/fiddles/features/drag-and-drop'
const { ipcMain } = require('electron')

ipcMain.on('ondragstart', (event, filePath) => {
  event.sender.startDrag({
    file: filePath,
    icon: '/path/to/icon.png'
  })
})
```

After launching the Electron application, try dragging and dropping
the item from the BrowserWindow onto your desktop. In this guide,
the item is a Markdown file located in the root of the project:

![Drag and drop](../images/drag-and-drop.gif)

[`contextBridge`]: ../api/context-bridge.md
