docs/tutorial/represented-file.md, before:

# Representing Files in a BrowserWindow (macOS)

## Overview

On macOS, you can set a represented file for any window in your application.
The represented file's icon will be shown in the title bar, and when users
`Command-Click` or `Control-Click`, a popup with a path to the file will be
shown.

![Represented File][represented-image]

> NOTE: The screenshot above is an example where this feature is used to indicate the currently opened file in the Atom text editor.

You can also set the edited state for a window so that the file icon can
indicate whether the document in this window has been modified.

To set the represented file of window, you can use the
[BrowserWindow.setRepresentedFilename][setrepresentedfilename] and
[BrowserWindow.setDocumentEdited][setdocumentedited] APIs.

## Example

```javascript fiddle='docs/fiddles/features/represented-file'
const { app, BrowserWindow } = require('electron')
const os = require('os');

const createWindow = () => {
  const win = new BrowserWindow({
    width: 800,
    height: 600
  })
}

app.whenReady().then(() => {
  const win = new BrowserWindow()

  win.setRepresentedFilename(os.homedir())
  win.setDocumentEdited(true)
})

app.on('window-all-closed', () => {
  if (process.platform !== 'darwin') {
    app.quit()
  }
})

app.on('activate', () => {
  if (BrowserWindow.getAllWindows().length === 0) {
    createWindow()
  }
})
```

After launching the Electron application, click on the title with `Command` or
`Control` key pressed. You should see a popup with the represented file at the top.
In this guide, this is the current user's home directory:

![Represented file](../images/represented-file.png)

[represented-image]: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/639601/5082061/670a949a-6f14-11e4-987a-9aaa04b23c1d.png
[setrepresentedfilename]: ../api/browser-window.md#winsetrepresentedfilenamefilename-macos
[setdocumentedited]: ../api/browser-window.md#winsetdocumenteditededited-macos

Commit message:

docs: new tutorial
This takes the "Quick Start Guide" and expands its content into an
end-to-end Electron application development. The changes here are done
following the feedback received during different surveys and interviews
where developers had a hard time figuring out how to do some of these
tasks even though they were already documented.

The markdown here also uses markdown features available in Docusaurus,
the website generator used right now. Some of those are admonitions,
line highlighting, and such.

The tutorial will have its own entry in the sidebar as well as the top
menu navigation.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Rel https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org-new/pull/124

docs/tutorial/represented-file.md, after:

---
title: "Representing Files in a BrowserWindow (macOS)"
description: "On macOS, you can set a represented file for any window in your application."
slug: represented-file
hide_title: false
---

# Representing Files in a BrowserWindow (macOS)

## Overview

On macOS, you can set a represented file for any window in your application.
The represented file's icon will be shown in the title bar, and when users
`Command-Click` or `Control-Click`, a popup with a path to the file will be
shown.

![Represented File][represented-image]

> NOTE: The screenshot above is an example where this feature is used to indicate the currently opened file in the Atom text editor.

You can also set the edited state for a window so that the file icon can
indicate whether the document in this window has been modified.

To set the represented file of window, you can use the
[BrowserWindow.setRepresentedFilename][setrepresentedfilename] and
[BrowserWindow.setDocumentEdited][setdocumentedited] APIs.

## Example

```fiddle docs/latest/fiddles/features/represented-file
const { app, BrowserWindow } = require('electron')
const os = require('os');

const createWindow = () => {
  const win = new BrowserWindow({
    width: 800,
    height: 600
  })
}

app.whenReady().then(() => {
  const win = new BrowserWindow()

  win.setRepresentedFilename(os.homedir())
  win.setDocumentEdited(true)
})

app.on('window-all-closed', () => {
  if (process.platform !== 'darwin') {
    app.quit()
  }
})

app.on('activate', () => {
  if (BrowserWindow.getAllWindows().length === 0) {
    createWindow()
  }
})
```

After launching the Electron application, click on the title with `Command` or
`Control` key pressed. You should see a popup with the represented file at the top.
In this guide, this is the current user's home directory:

![Represented file](../images/represented-file.png)

[represented-image]: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/639601/5082061/670a949a-6f14-11e4-987a-9aaa04b23c1d.png
[setrepresentedfilename]: ../api/browser-window.md#winsetrepresentedfilenamefilename-macos
[setdocumentedited]: ../api/browser-window.md#winsetdocumenteditededited-macos
