# Where to Store App Data

This tutorial provides guidance on where to store user data properly depending
on the app's type.

## User data paths

In Electron, locations of user data can be obtained and customized with
`app.getPath` and `app.setPath` APIs, and there are 3 types of paths are used
most commonly: `userData`, `localUserData` and `userCache`.

### `userData`

The `userData` path is where app should store persistent user data, such as
config files and authentication information. Generally you should not write
large files in this location as some environments may choose to synchronize
files in this location to cloud, especially on Window.

It by default points to:

* `%APPDATA%/AppName` on Windows
* `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/AppName` or `~/.config/AppName` on Linux
* `~/Library/Application Support/AppName` on macOS

### `localUserData`

On Linux and macOS `localUserData` is an alias to `userData`, on Windows it
points to `%LOCALAPPDATA%/AppName` instead.

On Windows, both `localUserData` and `userData` can be used to store persistent
user data, the difference between them is, the `userData` can be synchronized to
cloud, but `localUserData` can not.

The convention is, if the user data takes lots of disk space, they should be
written to `localUserData`, otherwise it can be written to `userData` instead.

### `userCache`

The `userCache` path is where cache data should be stored, files in this
location should be safe to be removed without affecting app's state.

On Linux it points to `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/AppName` or `~/.cache/AppName`.

On macOS it points to `~/Library/Caches/AppName`.

On Windows there is no specialized location to store cache data, and most apps
write cache data to `%LOCALAPPDATA%`, so this path points to `localUserData` by
default. If your app is writing files to both `localUserData` and `userCache`,
you should consider changing the `userCache` path to a subdirectory of
`localUserData` to avoid conflicts.

## Data in Electron apps

Data generated by a typical Electron app can be categorized to 3 kinds:

1. Browsing data created by `Session` API, which in most apps are generated
   implicitly when using the `BrowserWindow` API. They can be roughly separated
   in 2 kinds:
   1. HTTP disk cache, which are written into the `userCache` directory.
   2. All other kinds of browsing data, such as cookies, localStorage, indexDB,
      GPU Cache, and dictionaries. They are all considered as browsing data in
      Chromium and written into the `sessionData` directory, which points to
      `userData` by default.
2. Data implicitly written by other Electron APIs, such as crash reports written
   by the `crashReporter` module, or lock file written by the
   `app.requestSingleInstanceLock` API. They are written to the `userData`
   directory by default.
3. Data generated by Electron apps themselves. It is developer's decision to
   choose where to write them.

## Choose a better location for sessionData

For historical reasons the location of browsing data (`sessionData`) points to
`userData` by default. This causes problems for apps that open remote websites
with `BrowserWindow`, because disk spaces used by `sessionData` could increase
quickly and users would get a very large `userData` directory, which is annoying
for users who synchronizes content of `userData` to cloud.

So for apps that don't store any user data inside browser, it is recommended
to change `sessionData` to `userCache` to keep `userData` directory clean.

```javascript
app.setPath('sessionData', app.getPath('userCache'))
```

And for apps that rely on browser storage like cookies and localStorage to store
user data, it is recommended to change `sessionData` to `localUserData`, to
comply with user data conventions on Windows.

```javascript
app.setPath('sessionData', app.getPath('localUserData'))
```
